Targeted test phase, 2026-09-15

Existing baseline: bash tests/fm-control-relaunch.test.sh passed before edits.
The selected finding is missing behavioral coverage, not a currently failing test.
Only tests/fm-control-relaunch.test.sh changed; no production-code fix was needed.

Added executable coverage:
- test_missing_replacement_acts_on_delivered_instructions runs the emitted launch command with a deterministic worker, decodes the public launch-brief protocol, and produces 42 from the preserved instruction (add 7) and worktree file (35). It also checks the delivered progress note.
- test_missing_herdr_endpoint_publishes_replacement_identity drives real control/spawn/backend scripts with a stateful CLI double, starting from an absent pane. It checks the recreated endpoint, task label, worktree, published pane/tab/window identity, and completed liveness transaction.

Focused execution used a temporary copy of the test file with only those two function invocations; both passed twice, exit 0.
Exact final output:
ok - fm-control relaunch: deterministic replacement acts on preserved instructions delivered through launch argv
ok - fm-control relaunch: missing Herdr pane is recreated with matching task and endpoint metadata

Counterfactual: the same new cases independently ran against worktree-local copies of bin with fm-control.sh and fm-spawn.sh restored from base b6887a04948592cff53287124e79e073476e886b. Both failed, exit 1, with the reported error:
error: relaunch of rl43 failed while stopping the old agent and its state is 'missing'
error: relaunch of rl44 failed while stopping the old agent and its state is 'missing'

Live verdict remains inconclusive, not green:
- Authentication and real model work resumption remain unproven. Previous live evidence found the isolated Codex profile stopped at sign-in without credentials. Deterministic execution establishes transport and usable context, not authentication or model interpretation.
- No live Herdr lab was started. Installed herdr --help reports config/log storage under /Users/king/.config/herdr, outside the permitted worktree. It exposes HERDR_CONFIG_PATH for the config file, but no session-storage override. Existing lab guards isolate named endpoints but do not establish worktree-contained session storage. Starting that lab could violate the workspace boundary.

Temporary test drivers and copied base bin tree were removed. Test cleanup removed fixtures. No broad suite, lint, static analysis, pipeline control, push, PR, or CI phase was run.
